this is my reward a guy just nearly got
hit by a car I was all my so I can video
off and want you see that but uh I got
that while the guy got hit by the car I
just don't want me to show you that here
it's a beautiful sunfish this I really
don't know what type of some fish this
is out of the plenty sunfish types to
her actually let him go live off for a
good life the line still going out oh
he's going out into deeper water at the
rod you're loosening out oh man crush
this is scary
oh it's a good big cat it's my biggest
cat
this is my first nice this is my first
captors of the day this is the biggest
catfish
and then catch a bigger one oh hey guys
I'm back um fish whoa something just
threw his fish right there I'm the
caster oh great I got something
where is it whoa whoa oh it's a roast
know what a cat it's a good cat whoo
wow so you know I was talking about the
rub earlier it so I've caught three
years early Sonny's my cash it out right
over there and still fighting I
understand jump whoa he knows listen
this is what a roaches
Wow pi minutes later my line goes snap
straight this is my prize that's stuck
enough I don't know what it is yet but
let's just take it off if it's anything
it's a roach or a catfish or a bass
let's find out oh oh that's about it I'm
hand running their hand line fishing oh
it's a roach not any votes a beautiful
roach and I just snapped right off the
hook bastards in the same way without
bait casting
I got a fish on
at the fish
blood belongs
this is one of the last videos I'm going
to be making so I just it just took a
while to get them educated and get them
back up ah gotta bite just trying to
tell you that what is it I had no clue
what it is I know you know what it is I
don't know what it is there were I it's
a ridge it's a big fat pregnant female
roach so I'm they're gonna do nothing
with this but take it off this is a
female
Oh his hooks if she's hurt pretty good
she's gone